Add more details about <block> (#4596)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/xml-instructions.md

**Details:** A block is a unit of page output that renders some distinctive content (anything visually tangible for the end-user), such as a piece of information or a user interface element.

> Blocks are a foundational building unit for layout in Magento. They are the linkbetween a PHP block class, which contains logic and a template which renders content. Blocks can have children and grandchildren (and so on). Information can be passed from layout XML into the block via the `<arguments/>` child node. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blocks are a foundational building unit for layouts in Magento. They are the link between a PHP block class (which contains logic) and a template (which renders content). Blocks can have children and grandchildren (and so on). Information can be passed from layout XML files to blocks using the `<arguments/>` child node. 
```
